# General License Agreement

All works specific in origin and source code to [NextCRM](https://github.com/pdovhomilja/nextcrm-app) are covered under original [MIT License](#mit-license); all other modifications to that source code, alterations, updates, and changes in this project are covered under a strict [proprietary/commercial dual license](#proprietary-license)

In other words, all work derived from the NextCRM open source project is and shall legally remain open source as covered by MIT licensing included in the original source repo; anything else is proprietary and may be used *only* with express written consent by contractual agreement. Please contact [Windrose & Company, LLC](https://bit.ly/contact-windrose)

## Proprietary License

Copyright (c) 2024 Windrose & Company, LLC

This software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may not be
used, copied, modified, merged, published, distributed, sublicensed, and/or sold
without explicit permission from the copyright holder. Unauthorized use of the
Software is strictly prohibited.

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## MIT License (originating from foundational source code @ NextCRM by [Pavel Dovhomilja](https://github.com/pdovhomilja))

Copyright (c) 2023 Pavel Dovhomilja

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
